app/vmalert: upgraded bootstrap, removed jquery, fixed collapse issues (#8750)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/), `vminsert` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/) and [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): fix timeseries with empty timestamp and value in Datadog sketches API. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8649).
* BUGFIX: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/), [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/), `vminsert` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): restore write concurrency limiter for data ingestion. The limiter was unintentionally removed in [v1.115.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases/tag/v1.115.0) and potentially could lead to increased memory usage in certain scenarios. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/8742).

> * BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert): fixed collapse search and opening in UI, upgraded Bootstrap, removed jQuery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert): fixed various UI glitches and tidy up the visual styles.
```
